I gotta get going
a friend of mine
I love him because
Winnie the Pooh bear
Chasing some honey
I know he's out there
climbing a honey tree
We're so adventurous
now and again
and there's nobody home
to count on a friend
Winnie the Pooh bear
Oh won't you take me please
I gotta be there
A silly old Winnie the Pooh
Christopher Robin:
Mom, I'm going out to play.
Mom:
Have you cleaned up
the living room?
Of course.
Well, almost.
Kind of, anyway.
I mean, I sort of
cleaned up some of it.
I guess it could
be a little cleaner.
Christopher Robin,
you can play after
you've picked up this mess.
Yes, Mom.
I'm going shopping but
I'll be back in an hour.
An hour?
Okay.
That should give you plenty
of time to get this room clean.
Right, Mom.
And be extra careful around
Great-Grandfather Eustace.
Your dear, dear aunt
gave me this.
I know, Mom.
It's been in the family
for generations.
And I can't let
anything happen to it.
Yes, I'll be careful.
Maybe you've been in
the family for generations,
but I've been in
this house all day.
And I think I ought to get
to go out.
It's my right as a kid.
What do you have
to say to that?
Oh, bother.
There is perhaps
no sadder sight
than the bottom of
an empty honey pot.
Christopher Robin, you are
running very late indeed.
We were expecting
you at precisely half
past some time ago.
Yes, this was the day
we were going to capture
a blue-nosed yellow-bellied
house-fly.
And times fun
when you're having flies.
So let's bounce
on out of here.
I'm afraid I can't
come with you.
Mom said I can't come out
until I'm finished cleaning.
Hmm, what's the use
of making a mess
if you gotta clean it up?
Well, perhaps it would
help if we helped you?
Certainly, with all
of us working,
we ought to have this place
cleaned up in no time.
Right, Bunny-boy, two heads
are better than none.
Yeah, okay.
But we have to be
really careful
around
Great-Grandfather Eustace.
Oh, Christopher Robin,
what has become of
the rest of Great-Grandfather?
Silly old bear,
it's just a bust.
You know, a statue.
You can lead a bear to honey,
but you can't make him think.
Now, let's get rid
of this mess
so we can get down to
some serious playing.
The first thing you
gotta know is you can't
toy around with toys.
Come out, come out,
whoever you are.
Let's quit clowning around
and get this place cleaned up.
Ahoy, your admiraltiness,
how about getting
things ship-shape?
Oh!
All right, enough of
the fun and games.
Play-time's over
and done with.
Well, um, I didn't
mean play-time's over
for good, you know.
Whoa!
Hi-ho, Sylvia!
You better do what I say,
or you'll have to eat
nothing but cauliflowered
kumquats for a year.
Hmm.
If I was Christopher Robin's
mom, I wonder what I'd do.
I know!
Help!
Oh, Tigger, I believe
the mess is slightly messier
than it was before.
I appreciate the help,
but I'm afraid this won't
be very much fun.
Well, sure it won't be fun,
that's why you
gotta make it fun.
How?
First you grab
one of these,
then you call out fore!
Or maybe even
four and three quarters!
Hmm, mere child's
play, Tigger.
Just watch this.
Squish ball in
the corner pocket.
Such a very large job
for a very small me.
And a train, as you see,
can easily be trained to help.
Yikes!
Oh, bother!
I've been taking juggling
lessons by mail.
And now, for
the coup de gracey.
Careful, Tigger.
Oh, my!
Oh, no!
I got it, I got it!
I'm gonna get it.
Oh, my.
Oh, dear.
Oh, bother.
Oh, no, Great-Grandfather!
What am I gonna do now?
Now, now, don't worry,
Christopher Robin.
We'll, we'll...
We'll simply fix it,
that's all.
Exact-tackily.
I'll unbust this
bust for you.
I hope you can, Tigger.
It's been in the family forever.
Fixin' what needs fixin'
is what Tiggers do the best.
See?
Tigger, that wasn't how
he looked at all,
Why he's a regular chip
off the old spitting image.
Never send a Tigger
to do a Rabbit's job.
I'll take care of this.
Glue?
Yes, Rabbit.
I said glue, Pooh,
not you, Pooh.
I need glue.
But Rabbit, all I
have is honey.
I suppose honey
will have to do.
- Brush.
Perfection.
It's very nice, Rabbit.
But it's sort of cracked.
Nonsense, your mother will
never know the difference.
My masterpiece!
My goodness!
My honey!
My life!
It's over!
Mom is gonna
be furious.
I broke Great-Grandfather.
When you break something that
wasn't supposed to be broken,
there's only one
thing to do...
And that's hide it.
Now what am I gonna do?
I can't go back home.
Well, if you can't
go back there,
then just stay out here.
No, I can't do that.
Well, why not?
Yes, why not?
Well, because, uh...
Um...
You see?
No reason you shouldn't.
So you might
as well should.
Yes, but I... I...
The "I"s have it.
Come on to my house,
kiddo.
Wait right here while
I tidy up a bit.
Got to make sure
the doilies are dusted.
Well, what do you think?
Spacy-ous, isn't it?
But how can you
stay in there,
Christopher Robin,
if in there
is now out here?
Perhaps you could stay in
my house, Christopher Robin?
I'd be happy to stay
in your house, Piglet,
if I could get
into your house.
Just possibly, if you
heave and I ho,
you may get in.
- Heave.
- Ho.
With me now.
Heave.
Ho-oh!
Ho, ho, hold it, Tigger!
I don't think I'm ever
going to get in.
Then perhaps we'd better
try to get you out.
This is gonna take some
heavy duty heaving and ho-ing.
Come on, guys.
On the count of three...
A-one, and a-two.
Hiya, Christopher Robin.
Oh, I'm afraid we
very small animals
do live in very small houses.
Um, say there, Piglet,
I think I broke that lamp
by your back door.
But I don't have
a back door.
You do now.
Perhaps you should come to
my house, Christopher Robin.
I believe my rooms may
be a bit roomier.
It seems I forget to
clean up after breakfast.
Come alone, Christopher Robin.
You'll stay with me.
You're more than welcome
to stay at my house.
Although I did just
wax my floors.
So you'll have to be sure
to wipe your shoes.
Otherwise, I am glad to
have you as my house guest.
Although I did just
re-arrange my closet.
so there won't be any place
for you to put your things.
And I really can't have
anyone in my kitchen but me.
So you won't be
able to eat.
And, uh...
Are you sure mine
is the home for you,
Christopher Robin?
But Rabbit, I've tried
everywhere else.
Well, not everywhere.
Just finished it
this morning.
Built to last the ages.
Using all the finest
timbers.
Be glad for you to
call it home, too.
Thanks, Eeyore.
I'd be honored to stay here.
Oh, well, nothing
lasts forever.
I don't know what
I'm gonna do now.
Mom'll be back soon,
so I can't go home.
And I can't stay here.
It looks like there's nowhere
for me to go.
Oh, bother.
I know you've done
your best to help me,
but I guess this something
I gotta figure out on my own.
Poor Christopher Robin.
I do wish we
could help him.
Yes, we should be able
to help him somehow.
Seems to me what
he really needs
is help finding
his way home.
Home! Of course!
Why didn't I think
of it before?
Yeah, why didn't you
think of it before?
Um... now what was
it you thought of
that you didn't
think of before?
If Christopher Robin
needs a home,
we must build him a home.
Actually, what I meant was--
Come along, everyone,
we must work quickly.
I mean he's gotta get back
to his own home.
Piglet, have you
finished the plans?
Yes, Rabbit, I have.
And I think it turned out
very nicely indeed.
Hmm, not bad at all.
A bit basic, perhaps.
But Christopher Robin must be
able to store his playthings.
He'll need more room.
A second floor, I think.
And another room here.
One over there, yes.
Something up here.
That should do it.
But there's nowhere for him
to park his bicycle.
You better add a garage
for him, Piglet.
And he's got to have a
swinging set to swing on,
with a slide and a see-saw
and a merry-going-round.
Perhaps he should
have a guest house,
for when we come
to pay a visit.
Sure and where's
the swimming pool?
And of course, it needs
a garden.
There.
It's perfect!
Christopher Robin
will love it.
But, uh, Piglet,
where's the basement?
Hello, Christopher Robin.
Hello, Eeyore.
Going on a visit,
I see.
No, I've decided to
run away from home.
Seems to me home's the kind
of place you ought to run to.
But Eeyore,
I don't have any choice!
Mom:
Christopher Robin?
Christopher Robin,
where are you?
Oh, no! It's Mom!
I have to go.
Goodbye, Eeyore.
There, we've finished!
Why, it's stupend-i-ous.
It's collosical.
It's downright
disastrous!
But where's the door?
Oh, dear.
What say we put it
right here?
Wonderful!
Now Pooh Bear,
you call Christopher Robin,
and tell him his
house is ready.
Christopher Robin!
Pooh Bear, he's not here.
Go look for him
elsewhere.
Of course, Rabbit.
And where exactly
is elsewhere?
That way.
Christopher... Robin?
Oh, Christopher Robin, there's
something I must tell you.
I don't have
time, Pooh Bear,
I have to go.
Mom:
Christopher Robin!
Where are you?
Come on, you can come with me.
With you where?
Well, I suppose I won't really
know until I get there.
But the others
and myself--
You're right, Pooh,
we should leave them a note
so they know we've gone.
I believe "Tigger" is spelled
with two "grrs".
Now, let's get
your things together.
That Pooh Bear is as slow
as day-old honey.
Oh, my,
Perhaps we'd better go find
Christopher Robin ourselves.
Not the best day for
running away from home.
Assuming there is
such a day.
What's this?
"Dear Rabbit, Tigger,
and Piglet."
Hey, they left out
a "grr".
We have run away
from home,
Signed, Christopher Robin
and Pooh.
P.S. Send honey."
Run away from home?
That's terri-bib-le.
Yes, especially in
weather such as this.
We've got to find them.
Where could they
have gone?
Why, I bet they're headed for
the very ends of the earth,
and with this much headstart,
they're probably halfway
there by now.
Have we run away
yet, Christopher Robin?
Not yet, Pooh.
We still have
a long way to go.
And when shall we be
done running away,
and ready to begin
running back?
There won't be any
running back, Pooh bear.
This is forever.
Isn't forever a
rather long time,
Christopher Robin?
Yes, Pooh.
Well, then, perhaps
there's time to stop
for a small smackerel?
Yes, I guess we could
rest for a little while.
Oh, bother.
It's empty.
Uh-huh.
Could be a clue.
Can't be too far ahead,
the honey's still warm.
Not even a day old.
Uh, Christopher Robin?
Won't your mother be
worried about you?
Well, maybe.
I guess, but I can't go home
after what I did, Pooh.
Oh. Will the place to which
we are running away have honey?
Of course, Pooh Bear.
I mean...
It should.
Most places do.
Hello.
Don't get up
on my account.
Eeyore!
Oh, are you running away from
home too, Eeyore?
Don't see how I could,
since I don't have a home
to run away from.
Brought you this.
Thought you might be
getting wet,
seeing how it's
raining and all.
Thank you, Eeyore.
I can't believe we're
in this terrible mess,
just because I broke
some dumb statue.
Yep, it was
a mistake all right.
Everybody makes 'em.
Made a few of my own.
But there's no running
away from them.
I don't know, Eeyore, I guess
maybe you're somewhat right.
In a way, sort of.
It's awfully wet out here,
isn't it, Pooh?
It's not quite as
dry as home,
Christopher Robin.
This really isn't any place
for a bear, is it, Eeyore?
No place at all.
I suppose I should get Pooh
back where it's warm and dry.
I thank you,
Christopher Robin.
And my honey
thanks you, too.
Poor Christopher Robin.
Poor Pooh.
I hope they're having
fun out there at
the end of the earth.
Actually, Tigger, we only
went to the end of the block.
Pooh, you're back!
And Christopher Robin!
Oh, we're very
glad to see you.
You had us
worried sick.
Yep, I tracked 'em down,
brought 'em back sound and safe.
No need to throw me
any parades.
Christopher Robin, we have
a surprise for you.
A surprise?
Your new home.
It's, um... very nice.
But I'm afraid
I can't live here.
You can't?
Why not, Christopher Robin?
I knew we should have
built that garage.
I have to go home,
to my own home to face up
to what I did.
But thank you for all
the trouble you went to.
Well, I suppose this means
we can all go home.
Never mind me.
The one with no home
to go home to.
Always dreamed of
having a dream house,
just like this one.
Has a few holes
in the roof.
They'll let in the rain.
Of course, they'll let
the sun in, too.
If it's just gonna
sit there, unused,
would anybody object to
me moving in?
Why, of course not,
Donkey Boy.
This home is your
home, Eeyore.
Oh, bother.
Home.
No place like it.